## CSSType

- TypeScript and Flow definitions for CSS, generated by **[data from MDN](https://github.com/mdn/data)**. **It provides autocompletion and type checking for CSS properties and values.**

- CSS에 대한 타입 정의를 해주는 라이브러리

## Basic Usage

```tsx
import type * as CSS from "csstype";

const style: CSS.Properties = {
  colour: "white", // Type error on property
  textAlign: "middle", // Type error on value
};
```

## Style types

**[Interface Properties<TLength>](https://use-form.netlify.app/interfaces/_node_modules_csstype_index_d_.properties)**

- **StandardProperties**

  ```tsx
  flexDirection;
  flexFlow;
  flexGrow;
  flexShrink;
  ```

- **VendoerProperties**

  ```tsx
  WebkitBorderBefore;
  WebkitBorderBeforeColor;
  WebkitBorderBeforeStyle;
  WebkitBorderBeforeWidth;
  ```

- **ObsoleteProperties**

  - Removed or deprecated properties

  ```tsx
  KhtmlBoxAlign;
  KhtmlBoxDirection;
  KhtmlBoxFlex;
  KhtmlBoxFlexGroup;
  ```

  - **`-khtml-box-align`** was a proprietary CSS property used by the KHTML rendering engine, which was primarily used by the Konqueror browser, an older web browser developed by the KDE community.

- **SvgProperties**
  - SVG-specific properties
  ```tsx
  fill;
  fillOpacity;
  fillRule;
  filter;
  ```

### What is fallback in CSS ?

<blockquote>
In CSS, a "fallback value" is a value that is used when a particular property or feature is not supported by a web browser or when the browser encounters an error while parsing the CSS code.

Fallback values are used to ensure that a webpage's appearance remains acceptable even when some CSS properties or values are not recognized or supported by older or less capable browsers.

</blockquote>

- In this example, the first set of CSS rules defines a grid layout using CSS Grid Layout properties. The second set of CSS rules serves as a fallback for older browsers that don't support CSS Grid Layout. In this fallback, the **`display`** property is set to "block," and traditional layout techniques like floats are used.

```css
.element {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr;
  grid-template-rows: 1fr 1fr;
}

/* Fallback for browsers that don't support CSS Grid Layout */
.element {
  display: block;
  width: 50%; /* Fallback for grid-template-columns */
  float: left; /* Fallback for grid-template-rows */
}
```

- csstype에는 CSS.PropertiesFallback이라는 속성으로 fallback 케이스에 대응할 수 있다. 아래처럼 CSS.PropertiesFallback 속성을 지정하고 배열로 전달해주게 되면 display에 `-webkit-flex`가 적용되지 않는 경우에는 `flex`가 적용된다.

- color 속성처럼 단순 string으로 전달하면 해당 속성이 그대로 적용된다

- In some cases, like for CSS-in-JS libraries, an array of values is a way to provide fallback values in CSS. Using `CSS.PropertiesFallback` instead of `CSS.Properties` will add the possibility to use any property value as an array of values.
